Previously on "The Rookie"...
- Bailey.
- Jason.
Who are you?
I'm John Nolan. her boyfriend.
And you are?
- Her husband.
Jason is behind bars
for eight years.
Gundo's expecting me.
A hit man came after me.
I need to know who sent him.
Batista needs child care.
And his former nanny...
- Our current nanny.
Is willing to
sing your praises.
I'm here to see
Christian Batista.
I have an appointment.
If you're here for
the hot prison goss.
it's going to cost you.
Eric Ramsey is
the man after me.
- You need to take him out.
- That's where you come in.
Kelso. He's a dangerous man.
He was also
Ramsey's right hand.
I want you to help me
break out of prison.
Deal.
Who was the
investigating officer?
- Pearson.
- If he gives me up.
the recordings from your
sessions go straight to IA.
It's a simple question.
Did they flip the
shrink or not?
You're my lawyer.
You're supposed to
know these things.
Morning.
No. No. That's not right.
You tell them--
[muffled gunshot]
[dramatic music]
[muffled gunshot.
engine revving]
♪
[objects clatter]
[dog whimpers]
♪
[truck squeals. hisses]
- Good morning.
- Hi.
I was waiting for
you to wake up
but then I'm going to have to
go pretty soon. so I had to...
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
I have just been doing
a lot of thinking.
And I know what you said about
not being willing to go through
with the whole IVF routine.
and I completely
support you on that.
but I have been watching
you these past few days.
And you've been putting
on a very brave face.
but you are sad.
And I am tasked with your
happiness--with our happiness.
And I think that there is a
path that is still open to us
that will bring a
child into our home
and bring us that happiness.
And...
I think we should adopt.
- "Adopt"?
- Yes.
There are so many kids out
there who need a good home
and a loving family.
And. Bailey. that's us.
So what do you think?
I-I think it's a
beautiful idea.
Also a lot to think about.
- Of course.
And I've done a little
bit of light research.
There's an email waiting
for you in your inbox.
Peruse it as you will
through your morning coffee
and your breakfast
and probably lunch.
I said "light research."
That was the wrong adjective.
It was really. honestly.
pretty extensive.
[chuckles] I got it.
Any chance you're going to be
home tonight so we can discuss?
Uh. that much I don't know.
Things are pretty crazy
at the station right now.
I mean. we still don't
know how many cops
Blair London has compromised
or who's controlling her.
[cell phone rings]
Sorry.
It's Grey.
Yes. sir. What's going on?
We're operating under
the radar for now.
There's still too
many unknowns.
including how deep
the conspiracy runs.
So we are setting
up a secret war room
at the station
using only officers
that we know we can trust.
You up to speed on Pearson?
- No. What happened?
He's gone. Wife said he took
the garbage to the curb.
never came back.
- Do we think he's running?
I think he's dead
or on his way there.
Okay. Well. how can
the FBI help out?
Simple--we don't know who we
can trust in our own house.
which means we
need your resources
to keep our investigation
under the radar.
Of course. What's
your path to clarity
as to who's been compromised?
- That would be Blair London.
She's the department shrink
who's been turning cops
and selling police intel
to an unknown number
of criminal organizations.
And where is this
Blair London now?
I'm here to tell you that
this deal is the best shot
your client has for a future.
and that future will definitely
involve prison time--
at least three to five years.
No. No. I can't go to prison.
I need total immunity.
- That's not going to happen.
You were directly responsible
for a deadly attack
on police officers.
You would have to
give us the equivalent
of Hannibal Lecter or Pablo
Escobar to skate on that.
So take the morning.
but I'm going to need a
"yes" or "no" on this deal
by nightfall.
Wesley isn't lying.
Three to five is a solid deal
given your criminal liability.
This is a nightmare.
Unfortunately. it's very real.
And you need to accept the
fact that judgment day is here.
[suspenseful music]
[car door closes]
[engines turning over]
♪
[line trilling]
The shrink is flipping.
She just met with
an ADA at his house.
and she's got a surveillance
team watching her.
Making a play will be risky.
Understood.
We need to take the
shrink off the field.
I know. but the
payday is immense.
I know we can't spend it
if we're dead or in prison.
but we're smart. we're quick.
and we're destined for a
long life of badassery.
so cowboy up.
Let's go get her.
[engine turning over]
You could at least
pretend to help me.
I'm here in more of
an oversight capacity.
[scoffs] Yeah.
Smitty. get your
ass into gear.
- Yes. ma'am.
- How's it going?
I really wish there were
more cops on the no column.
But after comparing the
list of Blair's patients
to the list of
potentially compromised
police investigations
that Nell provided.
the maybe column's
starting to fill up.
God. you weren't kidding
when you said out of the way.
I think this is where they
store all the old asbestos.
- What?
- It's fine.
Just breathe shallow.
We needed a place where no
one would just wander by.
And you trusted Smitty to
keep all this a secret?
We had a conversation about
the consequences of loose lips.
She threatened to hurt
me in graphic detail.
Used the term "gut dump."
Relax. I won't say
nothing about nothing.
Guys. I know who
Blair's working for.
and you're not
going to believe it.
- Tell me.
- I did a deep dive.
I mean. we're talking
kindergarten-yearbook deep.
But the answers lay during
her time in grad school.
where Blair London moderated a
student-led panel on insanity
as a legal defense.
We are extremely lucky to have
an expert on the nexus
between mental health
and criminal law.
Monica Stevens.
- Son of a puta.
- That makes total sense.
Monica represents half
the criminals in the city.
Selling Blair's intel
on police operations
would make Monica a fortune.
What other evidence
do you have?
This isn't enough?
To prove criminal
conspiracy? Not a chance.
To a judge. all that means
is they met three years ago.
We need definitive proof that
the relationship continues
and involves criminal activity.
- Normally. I agree.
But add it to our other
investigations into Monica.
and I say we have
enough to at least get
a wiretap order.
- Maybe. Start writing it up.
I'll go to Grey and
see if he'll authorize
a surveillance unit.
You should notify
Chen-- let her know
that her undercover
operation is a top priority.
Right. Smitty. get
in plain clothes.
I'm adding you to
Lucy's support team.
Score.
[tense music]
[cell phone chimes]
♪
Hey. can you kids run inside?
And I'll be right up and
we can play dress-up.
- Sure.
- Yay!
Okay. thank you.
[line trilling]
Hello?
Hey. Mom. um. I
just have a second.
Monica's the one
running Blair.
but we need to get evidence.
That's now your
mission priority.
Understood. I haven't
seen her around recently.
but I will keep my eyes peeled.
I got to--I got to go.
Sorry. My mom needed help
answering a question.
No phone calls when
you're on the clock.
You know that.
- Yeah. it won't happen again.
Sorry.
♪
[elevator bell dings]
Good morning.
Monica Stevens to
see Eric Ramsey.
I don't have an appointment.
but I do have a sensitive
matter to discuss.
and I'm betting
he'll want to see me.
Hello. Mr. Ramsey. Sorry
to bother you. sir.
You can wait out here.
I should be safe inside.
I'd prefer to at least
take you to his office.
I appreciate that.
but I'll be fine.
After this crisis is behind us.
we should discuss your future.
I've been impressed.
- Thank you. ma'am.
But I think trying to
protect you long-term
might make my head explode.
No offense intended.
- None taken.
I like the honesty.
Miss Stevens?
This way.
[sighs]
Good morning.
Small talk or no?
- No.
- Good.
I know you tried
to have me killed.
though I'm still in the dark as
to what I did to provoke that.
It's not so much what you did
versus what you could
do down the road.
You think I've
learned something
about your operation that could
compromise you. but I haven't.
I'd never even heard your
name before yesterday.
It doesn't matter.
Given the rapid growth of
your information network.
it's only a matter of
time before you do.
and that gives you
leverage over me.
not to mention
something to trade
when you eventually
get arrested.
Listen. if you've done
your homework about me.
you know that I am
ruthless but practical.
And I'm here to tell
you that there is a deal
to be made after you pay me
a significant apology fee.
of course.
- [chuckles]
Do you know why I'm going
to say no. Miss Stevens?
No. but I'm excited
for you to tell me.
Because you--you have
a resources problem.
You provide counsel
and information
to a who's-who of
criminals in this state.
but you don't have a crew.
No one's got your back
unless you pay them.
and I can pay them more
to put a bullet in it.
So I'm going to pass.
God. that's so foolish.
Do you know why?
You have an
imagination problem.
You're trying to put me in the
same box as your competitors.
be it cartel boss or drug lord.
But I don't fit in that box.
And you don't have
the imagination
to predict the
things that I can do
or conceive of the forces I
can mobilize to end you...
forces that are in play
at this very moment.
[tense music]
♪
[door buzzes]
[indistinct shouting]
[door closes]
- Jason. my man.
I'm not in the mood for
your B.S. today. Oscar.
Today my B.S. isn't B.S. but.
in fact. an opportunity for you
to change your life.
- [scoffs]
Now. I know you're aware
of the recent nuptials
between your former
wife and. well. the man
who put you in prison.
one John Nolan.
and I know that must
be really hard on you.
Ah. careful.
How would you like to pay
them a visit. unsupervised.
perhaps in the dead of
night with a cattle prod
and some zip ties?
- [chuckles]
You're messing
with me. Got it.
I most certainly am not.
I can get you out of here.
I've secured a
VIP exit package.
and I'm willing to
take you with me.
[chuckles] Why?
[ominous music]
In order to secure
this package.
I have to hurt someone in
here to get information.
I need help doing it.
So what do you say?
Spend the rest of your
days locked up here
or give me the next
12 hours of your life
and be free to get
your wife back?
♪
My aunt Ximena just adopted.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Boy or girl?
- Boy--Samuel.
He's so cute.
I can connect you
two if you want.
I know it's an
exhaustive process.
Yeah. that would be
great. Thank you for that.
Has Bailey said yes yet?
No. not yet. But she will.
I'm pretty sure.
- [sighs]
- What's wrong?
Judge wouldn't sign off
on the Monica warrant.
said we need more to overcome
the attorney-client factor.
So I need you to push Blair.
She came to you first.
She might talk to you now.
Tell her we know about Monica
and that if she doesn't come in
and start talking immediately.
she's going into gen-pop
at the Twin Towers
and she'll be
dead by nightfall.
So scare the crap
out of her. Got it.
[cell phone beeps]
[line trilling]
[cell phone ringing]
I've got nothing
to say to you.
Good. 'cause I just
need you to listen.
We know you're in
bed with Monica.
I wanted to help people.
I wanted to do something
meaningful with my life.
and she twisted everything.
Now two of my patients are
dead. and it's my fault.
I should have stood up to
her. but I was too afraid.
You can still make this right.
Just testify against her.
It's too dangerous. She
has spies everywhere.
No. the FBI is involved now.
That means you'll be in
federal protective custody.
So it doesn't matter
how deep Monica
has her claws into
the department.
but that means I
need a yes right now.
Otherwise. you're
going to be pulled over
and arrested with great fanfare
over an open radio channel.
Okay. What do I do?
[cell phone ringing]
- Yeah?
- It's Lopez.
Blair's taking the deal.
She's heading down to
FBI headquarters now.
Stay with Blair.
Harper and I will
meet you down there.
[screams]
Dr. London. unlock
your car and let me in.
Do it now. or I'll
shoot you in the face.
[gearshift clacks]
[dramatic music]
If you try anything. I'll put
a bullet through your spine.
Are we clear?
- Yes.
♪
Take a left.
We're going to see Monica.
[engine turning over]
♪
[yelling]
Oh. you guys are dead.
You can't just jump me and
my crew and get away with it.
Sure. I can. You know why?
Because we're not
going to be here
long enough for retribution
to come calling.
[yelling]
[groans]
Listen. I need you to overcome
your recalcitrant nature
and answer my questions
about your boss.
Eric Ramsey.
[scoffs] Never
happen. I'm not a rat.
See. that's really a
dirty. ugly term. you know.
As a guy who has ratted out
a baker's dozen of his best
friends over the years.
I can say that it
hurts a lot less
than my pal Jason here breaking
every bone in your body
one at a time. starting
with the elbow.
[bone crunches]
- [yells]
Tell me about Ramsey.
[cell phone ringing]
You better have good news.
Oh. boy. do I. Your nemesis
has a rich benefactor.
He's Swiss.
billionaire-adjacent.
does business in South
America and East Asia--
Jakob Olmstead.
How does that help me?
Well. Mr. Olmstead
is an apex predator
who's not going to take
too kindly to finding out
that Eric Ramsay has been
banging his wife on the sly.
Thank you.
The wheels have been
greased at your location.
and resources are in
place for your departure.
Good luck.
- Back at ya.
Good news?
Feels like it.
[elevator bell dings]
[tense music]
[distant tires screeching]
Stop!
No. no. no.
It's okay. It's okay.
If Gundo wanted to kill
me. we'd be dead already.
Easy.
What can I do for you?
Amazing. I got offered half a
million dollars to kill you.
But I'm here to give you the
opportunity to top that--
2 million. plus 10%
of your business.
That's a ballsy ask.
Is it?
Because it seems to
me you got no choice.
♪
It'll take me until tonight
to get the cash together.
[speaking in Spanish]
5:00 at the laundromat.
We're good. vatos.
Ya vamos!
Don't you be late.
♪
[engine turning over]
Okay. Now I'm
calling the police.
No. you're not.
I told you. they don't have
my best interests at heart.
They're not actively
conspiring to kill you.
This is not a negotiation.
Okay. look. I understand
that operating this way
is difficult for you.
So I'll add a hearty
hazard bonus to your fee.
Say 100K?
Fine. no cops.
But I'm pulling help back in.
I'll get them to meet
us at the office.
No. we're not going to
the office just yet.
Where are we going?
♪
[slurping]
[keypad clicking]
[cell phone chimes]
♪
Sorry. [clears throat]
Hey.
It is so nice outside.
Why don't we go
outside and play?
- Yeah.
- Yeah? Okay. let's go.
♪
This way.
N-no.
Uh. let's--let's
go to the back.
- All right.
- Yeah. let's go. Sorry. sorry.
♪
Hey. Angela tell you we ran
into each other at the station?
She did. That's
why I'm calling.
I'm worried you
don't understand
who you're working for.
I don't talk about my
protectees to anyone.
especially former clients
in law enforcement.
I respect that. but you
need to protect yourself.
Monica is involved in an
active criminal conspiracy--
one dead cop. one missing.
and a police psychiatrist
was just abducted.
You think Monica's kidnapping
people in those heels?
I know how she
represents herself.
But you've been with
her for a few days now.
I think you're starting to
see things that feel wrong.
things that make
you uncomfortable.
♪
She'll be back
soon. I have to go.
Charlie. think about it.
not just for us. for you.
Things are coming to a
head. and when they do.
you want to make sure you're
standing on the right side.
♪
I'm here to make you an
offer you can't refuse.
Keep talking.
I know who's trying
to have me killed.
and I want to pay you an
obscene amount of money
to help me strike back.
I already have an
obscene amount of money.
You have Hollywood money.
I'll make you Wall Street rich.
starting with a guarantee
of 5% of my business.
followed by an introduction
to a Swiss benefactor
that'll take your
money-laundering business
international.
All you have to do is send
a hit team to a laundromat.
[door closes]
I'm glad we could
come to an agreement.
Likewise.
I'll make the call.
Shouldn't take long.
[suspenseful music]
♪
I need some cleaning done.
Sixth Street Laundromat--
two teams. no mercy.
Oh. [chuckles]
- What are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
I was just looking for. um.
Esther's favorite headband.
Go pack the kids' bags.
L.A.'s too hot right now.
We're going somewhere cooler.
Should I go home and
pack my bag as well?
No need. family only.
Vera will call you
when we're back.
Oh. okay.
[tense music]
♪
[line trilling]
Hey. Mom. I got news.
There's a storm coming.
but I need you to figure
out who it's gonna hit.
♪
- Now to the office?
- No.
Airport. private terminal.
I have a flight to catch.
[engine turning over]
This laundromat serves
as the home base
for Gundo's drug business.
Wait. Wasn't Gundo helping
Monica just yesterday?
What happened?
She's not exactly
known for her loyalty.
We can ask Gundo all about it.
assuming we keep him alive.
From a strategic standpoint.
this place is a death trap.
There's only two exits--one
in the front and one in back.
Hey. Heard you
guys needed backup.
The Batistas just left town.
Yeah. well. if I put a hit
out on Gundo. I'd bail. too.
Well. the FBI are
tracking them.
So. once we make a solid
case. they'll make the arrest.
It's good to have you.
Thanks.
So what's the plan?
[suspenseful music]
♪
I really should
be going with you.
Thanks. but I'm covered.
♪
- There you are.
- Please don't kill me.
I didn't tell them anything.
[engine turning over]
You got the next 20 hours
to convince me that's true.
♪
[cell phone ringing]
Charlie.
Charlie?
Monica's leaving the country.
I just dropped her
at a private plane.
and she's not going alone.
There was hired muscle
and a woman that didn't
look too happy to be going.
What did she look like?
Late 20s. Caucasian. petite.
shoulder-length
brown hair. pretty.
Blair.
Any chance you get
the tail number?
Do you have a pen?
Make yourself comfortable.
Monica is on her
way to Argentina.
Oh. that is great. because
I am running on fumes.
I could use the sleep.
Ooh. I love the hair.
- You too.
What's this?
Desert-wear. so you're
dressed properly.
It's gonna be dusty.
- Is it cute?
Oh. please. Girl. I got you.
Very fashionable.
All right. so who are we
working with in-country?
Local contractors.
CIA-adjacent.
strictly tour guides.
Why not local law?
Because we have no proof
that Blair was kidnapped.
Charlie saw her get on the
plane on her own volition.
So local law enforcement
will not intervene?
That's right.
Officially. I'm there
to "collect intelligence
from a confidential
local resource."
- Okay. why am I there?
- You're not.
And if we do find
out that Blair is.
in fact. kidnapped and
being held against her will.
what do we do then?
- Nothing.
You are here to
observe and report.
We'll bring any evidence
to our liaison at State.
who will then pass it
along to local authorities.
By which time two
weeks will have passed.
By then. she'll be
either dead or MIA.
But we would consider
a hostage rescue.
they might consider
a kidnapping.
They can fight us with
automatic weapons. John.
We can't legally
possess a slingshot.
so we observe and report.
If you don't like it. I suggest
you get off this plane now.
[sighs] At least we'll
look good doing nothing.
♪ One-two
♪
♪ Wanna step into the ring?
♪ I'll hit you with the
♪ I'll hit you
with the one-two ♪
Reporting for duty.
Grey said you'd be
taking over as my T.O.
since Nolan is
otherwise engaged.
Define "furtherance."
Well. in this
case. it involves
approaching the victim
with a deadly weapon
in attempt to engage.
Until they do. the DA
won't be able to charge
attempted murder.
- Correct.
If we arrest Christian's
guys too early.
we get them on a
misdemeanor gun possession.
they're out in an hour.
They hit Gundo before
we even know about it.
This is our only
chance. You ready?
Yes. sir.
Stay glued to Aaron's hip
for the duration of the op.
All right.
everybody. listen up.
Detective Lopez is going
to be our red zone point
dressed as an unhoused person.
Get a good look.
Please don't shoot
the crazy lady
pushing the stroller
full of trash--thank you.
Listen. we're expecting
an A-side frontal attack
from an unknown
number of suspects.
Gundo's inside already.
All right. keep in mind
school just got out.
So watch your muzzle.
watch your partner.
watch your backstop.
Front-sight focus.
no mistakes.
Officer Chen and I
will cover the rear.
and we'll call for backup
in case of a C-side attack.
So I took your advice.
I went to therapy.
- And?
And my therapist
turned out to be a
blackmailing psychopath.
[scoffs] You know that's
not normal. right?
One bad experience shouldn't
tar the whole profession.
Want to know the irony?
Yeah.
She was a good therapist.
Opened the door on some stuff
that I didn't even
know was in there.
And now all those confessions
are living up in the cloud.
waiting for some FBI IT
guy to come unencrypt them
so they can be analyzed
for evidentiary value.
I'm sorry.
Did you tell her anything
revealing about me?
Um...
I believe the term I used
was "freak in the sheets."
You're the worst.
[both chuckle]
Point has a possible.
Black four-door landing.
occupied four times.
Christian's guys are on foot.
They're wearing black hoodies.
red sneakers. black masks.
I see bulges under their
shirts. possible weapons.
Repeat. possible weapons only.
Arrest teams. move
closer. but stay hidden.
Do not engage till
guns come out.
They're coming
now. 15 yards away.
12 yards out. no
weapons visible.
Wait. One of them stopped.
They're making a phone call.
[dramatic music]
♪
They just blocked
the back door.
Front 3 are on the move
again. about 10 yards out.
♪
All right. get that guy.
I got the back door.
- Yeah.
♪
[engine turning over.
tires squealing]
♪
Ten seconds out.
no weapons visible.
Wait. we got kids in
the crossfire. Gun!
[people shouting]
[siren wailing]
[breathing heavily]
Go help Lopez!
Hey. you okay?
Code-4. Vest saved me. but
I'm gonna hurt tomorrow.
[gunshots]
We need him alive!
♪
Aah!
[car door closes.
engine turning over]
[tires squealing]
♪
Wes. take this guy!
Tim's in the back
of that truck.
♪
[tires squealing]
Ugh!
♪
[tires squealing]
Lopez. take the wheel.
[car beeps]
♪
[The Hives's "Tick Tick Boom"]
♪ Yeah. I was
right all along ♪
♪
♪ Yeah. you come
tagging along ♪
♪
♪ Exhibit A. I was
wrong all along ♪
♪ 'Cause I have
done it before ♪
♪ And I can do it some more.
I got my eye on the score ♪
♪ I'm gonna cut
through the floor ♪
♪ It's too late. it's
too soon. or is it? ♪
♪ Tick. tick. tick.
tick. tick. tick. boom ♪
I need you to hear me. This
mission is not authorized.
Relax. This is
not an operation.
It's a fact-finding visit.
There's no reason why
the State Department
should be concerned.
That's what they said about
the iceberg in "Titanic."
I want it on record. I told
you guys to get on the plane
and go home.
- Noted.
Special Agent Matt Garza.
- Hey.
This is Laura and Brendon.
They work with me at FBI.
Nyla Harper. John Nolan. LAPD.
Shawn Miller. That's Lee.
Nice to meet you all.
Your target plane landed
approximately 20 minutes ago--
4 individuals.
including Monica Stevens
and Blair London.
I don't have IDs
on the other two.
- Uh. may I?
- Sure.
Just run it
through our system.
see if I can't put some
names to some faces.
All right. all right.
got it. Thanks.
Any intel on who
Monica's meeting?
Not officially. but rumor
is it's Jakob Olmstead.
Never heard of him.
He's a Swiss money
guy with ties
to all forms of trafficking--
guns. girls. drugs.
The FBI's been trying to hang
a case on him for a decade.
This just got interesting.
- Sure did.
Uh. I thought we were
meant to be unarmed.
You are. so those weapons
are staying in their cases.
All right. let's move out.
[engines turning over]
- I don't like it.
- Tough.
If we show up to the
meeting armed for a war.
we're going to get
ourselves into one.
The guns stay in the car.
- Yes. ma'am.
[sniffles]
Pull yourself together. It's
not the end of the world.
The alternative is
a lot more final.
I never should have
agreed to helping you.
[laughing] Please.
Your fate was sealed when
you called me three years ago
to clean up your mess.
I was drunk and scared.
And had just run someone over.
If I hadn't made
that body go away.
you'd be getting your
psych degree from a prison.
So show a little gratitude.
And fix your face.
You need to look pretty
for Mr. Olmstead.
[Beethoven's
"Coriolan Overture"]
[bird screeches]
♪
That's my good girl.
Thanks.
Keep her with you for now.
Yeah. it's a party.
and Charlie was right.
Blair does not look happy
to be in attendance.
Okay. yeah.
ID'd our mystery muscle.
Lots of aliases over the years.
but their birth names are
Paige Baker. Pascal Moreau.
She's Irish. he's French.
No current wants. but
a history of mayhem
across three continents.
- Okay.
Mr. Olmstead. thank you
for agreeing to see me.
Hard to say no when you
claim to have knowledge
that will save my life.
I wish I could say I
was being dramatic.
But I have learned
over the years
as a lawyer for dangerous
men that the first appearance
of disrespect is the first
step towards betrayal.
And who do you think
is disrespecting me?
Eric Ramsey...
and your wife.
You have proof of this?
Yes. hotel video from
three separate trips
your wife took to Los
Angeles over the last year.
And I'm also in the
process of securing
additional footage from a trip
she took to Las Vegas in...
October?
September.
[sighs] How do you expect to be
rewarded for this information?
I have a request.
It looks like Monica is
handing Blair over to Olmstead.
Are we just gonna watch?
- We don't have a choice.
He's right.
Then he can stay here.
Whoa. I can't let you do that.
Damn it! Nolan!
[dramatic rock music]
[engine turning over]
♪
After you've removed
Mr. Ramsey from the picture.
I would like the
opportunity to show you
why I should take his place.
I am not asking for a handout.
I will prove my value.
Fair enough.
Who is this?
A new friend.
Is she another problem
you're solving?
[dramatic rock music]
All right. what's
your plan here. John?
This thing's
bulletproof. right?
That is not a plan.
♪
[indistinct shouting]
Move! Move! Move! Move!
[rapid gunfire]
[indistinct shouting]
♪
Get in the Humvee.
Nolan!
[gunfire echoing]
Nolan! Get up!
Nolan!
[grunting] [gunfire echoing]
Nolan. move!
[gunfire]
Nolan. we have
to go now! Move!
[grunting]
- How bad?
- Not bad. It hurts.
Just got the meat.
- I can stop the bleeding.
Harper. we got trouble.
[tense music]
♪
Go. go. go!
Talk to me.
Is everybody okay?
- No. Nolan got shot.
It doesn't seems too bad.
but we need a medevac
chopper just in case.
I'm on it.
[tense music]
♪
[door buzzes]
- I'm sorry.
Save it.
I know that doesn't make up
for what I did to
you. to everyone.
I said "save it."
You know. a therapist I
once thought I could trust
told me that I need to
set boundaries for myself.
And that's exactly
what I'm doing.
Hey. can you finish
processing her for me?
Sure.
♪ I think I see it
on the horizon ♪
She talked the whole way back?
All 16 hours.
Clearly. she had a lot
to unburden herself of.
How's Nolan?
Oh. they patched
him up at the base.
It was a clean
through-and-through.
He insisted on going
home when we landed.
and since Bailey's an EMT. we
figured it was safe enough.
Any idea what
happened to Monica?
No. but she is on the run.
Garza put out an
Interpol warrant on her.
So it's only a matter of time
before someone catches up
to her and ships her home.
Dibs on putting the cuffs
on her when they do.
- Whew.
- All right.
♪ Maybe I'm dreaming
- Half day?
- [chuckles] You know me.
Slacker is my middle name.
[elevator bell dings]
♪
After you.
♪ I'll rage on
♪ Brave and kind
to my rivals ♪
♪
♪ And maybe I love the way
You probably saved my life.
You had him.
I was upside down
in a footwell.
and he was about to
stab me in the face.
No. I did not have him.
So thank you.
You're welcome.
♪
Listen...
I know I ruined everything.
And I know how easy
it would have been
for you to turn on me.
- You don't have to do this.
Yeah. I do.
You will never know
how much I appreciate
the kindness you've shown me.
And I will spend the rest of
my life trying to pay it back
in whatever small
doses you allow.
♪
♪ Maybe I love the way
I can fall on my feet ♪
♪ Keeping my own
kind of bible ♪
Good night.
♪ Maybe I love how
I feel in the wind ♪
♪ I'm the breeze so light
[door buzzes]
♪ I'm light
♪
That was too easy.
Cost $100.000. It
better be easy.
♪
[car alarm beeps]
Where can I drop you?
L.A.. baby.
What have I said to
you about getting shot?
Okay.
Ow! [groans]
You said. "Don't get shot."
- Exactly.
It's a simple instruction.
- Yes.
And to make matters worse.
you got shot in the ass.
Whoa. I was shot in the side.
- Of your ass.
- [laughs]
Don't make me laugh.
It hurts my ass.
Okay. changing the subject.
did you take a look at the
adoption stuff I sent you?
- I did.
- And?
And I compiled a questionnaire
of all the hoops
we're going to have to
jump through to make sure
that we're on the same page.
- Okay.
Starting with the
first question--
where are we adopting
from. domestic or foreign?
Um... [cell phone rings]
Hold on a moment.
Ow!
Okay.
Sergeant Grey.
Yes. sir?
[tense music]
What's wrong?
Oscar and Jason just
escaped from prison.
♪
Damn it.